<!--- This file is auto-generated by `make catalog`. Do not edit manually. -->
# NAME

gen\_autotools\_acam.pl -- Generate and manage autotools "ac" and "am" files from a single source.

# SYNOPSIS

$ gen\_autotools\_acam.pl \[_OPTIONS..._\]

# DESCRIPTION

This script generates and updates autotools "ac" and "am" files
based on templates and key-value pairs defined in "GenAutotoolsAcAm\_UserFile.pm".
It helps avoid the need to duplicate definitions across multiple files.

If any files have been updated, it will exit with 0.
If no files have been updated, it will exit with a value other than 0.

Example:

    $ ls -1 tools/*.p?
    tools/GenAutotoolsAcAm_UserFile.pm
    tools/gen_autotools_acam.pl
    $ ./tools/gen_autotools_acam.pl

The file "tools/GenAutotoolsAcAm\_UserFile.pm" defines templates such as "configure.ac".
Hash keys correspond to relative paths from the project root.
For example, the key for "tests/Makefile.am" is simply "tests/Makefile.am".

Note: This script must be executed from the project root,
otherwise "tools/GenAutotoolsAcAm\_UserFile.pm" will not be found.

# OPTIONS

- **-d**, **--debug**

    Enable debugging mode.

- **-h**, **--help**

    Show a brief usage message.

# SEE ALSO

[GenAutotoolsAcAm\_UserFile.pm](https://metacpan.org/pod/GenAutotoolsAcAm_UserFile.pm), perl(1)

# AUTHOR

2025, tomyama

# LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2025, tomyama

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1\. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2\. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3\. Neither the name of tomyama nor the names of its contributors
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
   without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
